=About Love=
=Episode 8=
♪I want to look at you, hold you close♪
♪I want to be with you every moment♪
♪No matter how wide the world is♪
♪I'll always stay devoted to you♪
♪Always thinking of you, loving you true♪
♪Always meeting you in my dreams♪
♪Falling for this sweet feeling♪
♪Starting today♪
♪You're the one and only for me♪
Thanks.
Not bad.
Didn't expect you to sing that well.
He always picks this song.
Are you her fan?
Not exactly.
My girlfriend's a big fan.
Well…
My show's done.
Hey, your turn... keep singing.
I think I'll skip singing.
Bei.
Come on, Bei, your turn.
Or we could sing one together.
What should we sing?
Let's see, what should we sing?
I don't know many songs. Take a look.
What do you wanna sing?
How about this one?
Isn't this too high?
Can you handle that?
That's enough.
Come on. It's just picking a song.
Duets are always hard to choose.
Either I don't know it,
or it's way too high.
You're always busy making money.
Don't you even listen to music?
I'll pick one for you.
- No need.
- You're welcome.
Hey.
You two are way too lovey-dovey.
This song's perfect for you.
Warp and Weft.
(Warp and Weft; Lyrics: Zhang Zhang/
Shiqi/Fang Hai Music: Zhang Zhang)
Do you know how to sing it?
Yeah, I do.
- Then this one it is.
- Let's sing it.
Sure.
Come on.
Are you out of your mind?
What's wrong?
Why'd you pick this song?
What's wrong with it?
He said he knows it.
What?
♪Woven above the clouds♪
♪Each in its destined place♪
♪No way to explain♪
♪Those moments of unguarded honesty♪
♪Marking the spot♪
♪Acting like nothing happened♪
♪Day and night, just the same♪
♪Recording every meet and part♪
♪Thinking over and again♪
♪Destined to stall at some point♪
♪So many what-ifs in my head♪
♪In that moment of push and pull♪
♪Choosing to stay instead♪
♪But every time we reconnect♪
♪I make my own selfish choice♪
(When will you be here?)
♪After the heart stirs♪
♪Which side♪
♪First slips into the night♪
♪Waiting for someone else♪
♪To light the flame just right♪
Is this one good?
Sure.
Looks nice.
Bei's singing is pretty good.
Of course it is, that's because…
he's got a musician friend like me.
Oh please.
Bei's got taste. Do you?
You've been drinking all night,
hardly eaten anything.
They ordered that flaky buns for you.
It's stuffed with oysters.
Yet you're not touching it.
Don't let their effort
go to waste.
I'm good. I'm full already.
Don't give something that tonic to Xiu.
It won't help him.
Our Xiu doesn't need it anyway.
But you...
You don't need it either.
You're all on your own.
So there's really no use for it.
Ouch, that hit me hard, old lady.
Who're you calling old?
But I think I'm about to find someone.
Last week,
I ran into my junior high class rep.
She was stunning, graceful, and charming.
Back in the day,
she was always hounding me for homework.
Drove me crazy.
Now, if I had a chance,
I'd gladly hand in homework to her.
♪First slips into the night♪
♪Waiting for someone else♪
♪To light the flame just right♪
♪The love♪
(An Miu)
- You okay?
- Huh?
- Yeah.
Alright.
♪Those caught inside♪
♪Turn into bystanders♪
♪The warp and weft silently♪
♪Scatter without a trace♪
♪Only then we realize♪
♪No one can escape♪
♪This♪
♪Law of nature♪
Amazing. You have such great chemistry.
Bei really led me well.
I'm not familiar with it.
You sing better than me.
I'm gonna hit the restroom.
Alright.
Whoa, hey, hey.
Seriously? I was just about to sing.
I'll sing with you.
Hello, Guan.
Sorry, I was tied up just now.
I know.
What, you trying to avoid me now?
I've never asked you for anything before.
I just want to
ask you one last time.
Are you really not going to help me?
I really can't this time.
Sorry.
Mm.
Since that's the case,
I have nothing more to say.
I'm really sorry.
It's at Linglong on Wukang Road.
Everyone's waiting for you. Hurry up!
Are you eating out?
Mm.
Alright, go ahead.
Okay.
I'll hang up now.
It's at Linglong on Wukang Road.
You came back?
Of course I want to.
Yeah, yeah, I know.
After I drop her off later,
I'll come find you.
Alright, got it.
Go take a shower first.
(An Miu)
Then I'll bring you
some late-night snacks.
From that crayfish place you love.
Mm.
Fine. Talk when I get there.
Just wait till we meet, alright?
Bye.
What's wrong with you?
Let's break up.
Why?
Did I do something wrong?
Don't you know what you did?
I don't know what you're talking about.
What's going on?
Quit pretending.
Do you want me to say her name?
You mean...
Su Yunyi, right?
How long has it been?
Since college.
Back at that time,
she became my...
instructor.
That's kind of mean of you, huh?
You even dragged Ms. Su into this.
You guys, seriously.
Having fun with the King's Game, huh?
You knew?
- Yeah.
- I had no choice.
They made me say, "Let's break up."
They're too evil.
Your eyes are turning red.
Wow, your acting's way too real.
I thought we'd dig up some gossip.
What a letdown.
They're so mean.
Stop messing with my girlfriend.
Alright, enough with the sweet talk.
Come on, are we playing or not?
- Let's go.
- Yeah.
Hey, I'm the King.
Ah.
Come on.
I don't need to say it.
You all know what I'm about to ask.
Your first sex in your relationship?
Let's ask Number 2 then.
Number 2.
Who's Number 2?
Soon.
Do you even have a clue?
Last time you said it was 18.
Why do I always get this question?
Cards down. Cards down.
I drew the King.
Wow.
I can order a few people, right?
Of course.
Then...
Number 1 picks a song.
Number 2 and 3 sing it.
Number 1, that's me.
Close to Love.
Numbers 2 and 3, sing.
I'm Number 3.
♪I heard you and I share the same feeling♪
♪Maybe it's that sweet, heartfelt magic♪
So you're messing with us?
What lame song is that?
You seemed pretty into it.
I take singing seriously.
But singing with this punk? Total waste.
Who'd wanna sing with you?
Ugh.
Hey.
How about...
we sing together?
I'm not singing with you.
Come on, I've already picked the song.
Total waste.
♪I don't care if I'll ever get the chance♪
♪I still have the courage to keep going♪
♪Even if I'm down and need someone by my side♪
(Mingming)
♪In the end, it all fades into tiredness♪
(Sen, I'm sorry.)
(I'm not feeling great tonight,)
(so I'm not coming.)
(I'll hang out at my friend's place.)
(Let's talk later, okay?)
(Have fun out there.)
Nice singing. Let's do the next round.
I'm the King.
Ask Number 3.
Well… Would you mind
if your partner had
a really close friend of the opposite sex?
Like a...
you know, that kind of close confidant.
Number 3.
Well,
I think everyone's free.
Who they're friends with is their choice.
I shouldn't interfere.
Even if they hang out alone?
Like dinner or shopping together.
That wouldn't bother you?
I think...
my girlfriend
wouldn't put me in that situation.
So what you're really saying is...
The truth is,
freedom is right there,
but you'd better not push your luck.
I'm not that possessive.
If Xiaoxi has some great male friends,
I'd love to meet them too.
Well, that's a coincidence.
Let's get to know each other then.
Sorry,
except for the thugs.
Alright, let's keep going.
Do you think love can make you better?
Like stronger and more independent?
Would that count as being better?
If life could start over,
would you still choose each other?
He deserves someone better.
Me too.
What makes you happiest?
You.
What's the best state of love?
Loving each other.
Or maybe not loving each other anymore.
The worst thing is
when love's already dead,
but you're still trying a hopeless fix.
What's your biggest regret?
Turns out not everyone's meant for marriage.
But if you never marry,
how do you know you're not?
Life's meant for trial and error.
The sad part is,
you really got it wrong.
Wrong.
With our limited experience and insight,
how are we supposed
to choose someone to spend
the next few decades with?
Love, breakups,
marriage, divorce,
all the ups and downs.
Every rational choice we make...
isn't it all just to live a better life?
Willing to give it all.
Why am I being treated like this?
Love and fairness
are totally two different things.
Complaints like this
are just refusing to face the outcome.
The most unforgettable thing an ex ever did?
Becoming my ex.
We're really just
looking for a simple, ordinary love.
Why is that so hard?
In the world of adults,
nothing's ever simple.
Chasing ordinary
might just be another form of greed.
What's wrong, Xiaoxi?
I'm fine, maybe just a little tipsy.
Here, drink my water.
Drink this.
I'm tipsy too.
Go wash your face in the bathroom.
Snap out of it.
This is getting boring.
Who drew the King? Hurry up.
Where's the King?
Speak up if you got it.
Why rush? Still thinking of a challenge.
If you can't think of one, ask me.
I've been a master in this game.
Hey, it's me! It's me!
Alright. Stop it.
I didn't catch that just now.
Number 6. I'll ask Number 6.
Yeah, that's you.
If your...
If your closest friend asked to
borrow money from you,
would you lend it?
Sure.
How much?
Three...
Three… three hundred thousand.
Okay. I'll transfer it tomorrow.
Whoa, what's going on here?
Number 6.
Am I your closest buddy?
Just average friends.
Wait, Sen.
Why suddenly ask for so much money?
Just investing in something.
Investing in love?
Be careful with that.
Love doesn't have high returns.
Love doesn't need returns.
Right. Those girls who borrowed from you?
They just left afterwards.
So you didn't get any returns.
You just love arguing, huh?
Love built on a material foundation.
That's fine.
But if it's only built on material things,
that's a big problem.
You haven't been together long. Be careful.
Oh, stop worrying about it.
I'm just investing in the future.
Hey.
Speaking of which,
why isn't your girlfriend here yet?
Oh, I forgot to tell you.
Something came up, so she's not coming.
But it's fine.
There'll be plenty of chances.
I'll take you to meet her another time.
Oh?
What a coincidence.
Sir, do you have a reservation?
Sir.
- Split up. You come with me.
- Hey.
If you spot her, call me.
Me again.
Number 5.
Call the last person you spoke to.
Come on, it's so late.
Don't make the call.
Hey.
If I remember right,
your last call was with me, wasn't it?
Why so nervous?
On speaker?
Of course.
Fine, I'll call then.
I'm Number 5.
No sneaky moves.
Pull up your call log.
Sure thing.
(An Miu)
Take a shower first.
I'll bring you
some late-night snacks.
From that crayfish place you love.
(An Miu)
(An Miu?)
(Is it a girl?)
(Colleague?)
(Friend?)
(Could it be)
(his ex?)
Hello.
The number you have dialed is unavailable.
Please try again later.
You're lucky.
Once suspicion takes root,
the blame's already there.
(Then please, let me believe in you.)
Happy birthday!
Hey.
Who's that?
Li Xiaoxi.
Are you insane?
Sorry about that.
Uh, we'll head out after this round.
Got stuff early tomorrow.
Last round.
Then I've got a big finale request.
Number 2 kisses Number 3 on the cheek.
Whoa, that's a bold move.
I'm Number 3.
Maybe let's just skip it.
Why?
You didn't skip it when it was my turn.
Go on, kiss.
Bei's cool. He's not that petty.
Say that again and I won't lend you.
Number 6.
Let's be clear.
Gentlemen use words, not hands.
It's just a game.
Come on, you're my best buddy.
Alright, enough.
Ready?
Whoa!
Wow.
Pfft.
What's wrong with you?
Seriously, what's wrong with you?
What are you doing?
Get up, careful, careful.
Just playing a game.
You're so gross.
I haven't even complained yet.
So dirty. Pfft, pfft, pfft.
Gong, would you call that saving the day?
Nah. He just wanted to piss Bei off.
Finally got his chance.
You'd hit me for
disrespecting it.
respecting it too.
You're just making things hard for me.
Good thing Gong teased Bei instead.
If he'd done that to Xiu,
I'd dump him.
I'd rather he kissed a girl.
You sure about that?
We're heading out.
Let's catch up later.
Xiu, pick up the dog.
Bye.
I need to use the restroom.
- Bye.
- Good night.
Bei, I sent you my account number.
No rush, just transfer it tomorrow.
Alright, you can head off.
Cool, I'll head out too.
- Bye.
You okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Good, as long as you're fine.
You two take a seat.
I'm going to the bathroom.
Oh.
Room 806, third floor.
Found her. Get over here.
Why are you avoiding me?
Are you talking to me?
First you disappeared,
now you're playing the amnesia game?
Li Xiaoxi,
I know you're still mad at me.
But breaking up takes time.
I'm single now.
You left without a word. Why?
Are you insane?
Yeah, I'm insane!
I've called you many times.
You never pick up.
Nor do you reply to texts.
Anyway, whatever you say...
Hey, let go of me.
I won't let you leave again.
Wherever you go, I'll follow. Move!
Let go of me!
Didn't you hear her? She said let go.
Even being a jerk, you gotta wait your turn.
Whoa.
Looks like you've got a team.
Listen, take your team and get lost.
This girl's with me.
Wait, what...
Who are you guys? What's going on?
What's going on?
Can't you tell?
They're obviously drawn to my charm.
What do you want?
Xiu,
how long have we been together?
If we count from before graduation...
About ten years.
I've been thinking about us back then a lot.
So young.
It was a good time.
Let's start over. Okay?
How?
Chase me.
Begin with confessing to me.
Sis.
Why'd you ask me out?
This is for you.
What's this?
It's called a unicorn.
It stands for loyalty in love.
Anyway, I won't call you Sis anymore.
I want to call you Yu.
Or Little Yu, or Baby.
Whatever works.
Just never Sis again.
You must be out of your mind.
I like you.
I want to be with you.
Kid, stop messing around.
I'll see you another day.
I told you, no more Sis.
Fine, call me whatever you want.
But...
Us? Not happening.
You're not considering love at all?
Or just not considering me?
Do you feel I'm younger than you?
And too naive?
That I can't give you the life you want?
I admit it.
I'm not that mature.
But I know what responsibility
in love means.
And
I believe love lies in
finding joy in the everyday trifles.
Of course, that's just my take.
Nothing to do with maturity.
Truth is, for pursuing you,
I've thought far more than you have.
Have you ever thought about it?
Ten years later, I'll be pushing forty.
And you'll be just past thirty.
Right when your career's taking off,
exuding the charm of a mature man,
surrounded by young girls
who'd see you as the ideal partner.
Even if you say you won't get restless,
I won't believe you.
A man who's set on betraying you
doesn't need to wait till you're older,
nor does he need some gorgeous girl.
Of course, you can doubt me.
But what I'm saying is...
if you're willing to take a gamble,
why not go for what you truly want?
Alright.
So you're saying yes?
No.
Just...
playing hard to get.
Or maybe I want to be your Sis a bit longer.
Give me some time to think it through.
How much longer though?
At least ten days, maybe two weeks.
That long?
Wait for my word, kiddo.
Alright.
Let's start over.
Mingming.
Why are you back so late?
I was nearly eaten alive.
Didn't you go to…
your friend's place?
Mm.
My boyfriend's.
- Let's go.
- Yeah.
Come on, get inside quick.
I didn't expect you to show up.
Really, it's so sudden.
The place is a bit messy.
Please don't mind it.
You should've given me a heads-up first.
It's fine, really.
But if I told you in advance,
how'd it still be a surprise?
If you call this a surprise…
Of course it is.
You know what?
When you texted me earlier,
saying you weren't coming,
I actually thought you…
regretted…
regretted being my girlfriend.
Are you that insecure?
I know not showing up tonight
made things awkward for you.
But
I just wanted some quiet time.
Just the two of us.
Your place's bigger than I thought.
Oh, really?
Well...
Over here's the kitchen.
That's your room?
Yeah, the bedroom.
So every day,
you'd message me from here?
Yeah.
Every single night.
I waited every night for your messages.
Kept rereading our chat history.
Trying to read into every word you said.
Mm.
I know that feeling.
From now on, let's not
put each other through that again, okay?
You know, even now,
it still feels like I'm dreaming.
Did you dream about me being here?
Countless times.
And then?
You want the truth?
Mm.
I dreamed
that you said to me…
"Go take a shower."
Oh.
Hey, I...
I was just joking.
I mean, what I really meant was…
- Just...
- Sorry.
I already took one.
Oh.
Well, then…
Then I…
Then I'll go take one too.
Okay, well...
There's some drinks here. Help yourself.
And if you're hungry,
there's food in the fridge.
Here's my computer.
You can play games or something.
I'll go find my pajamas.
You didn't get hurt, right?
Yes, I'm not hurt.
Just got my clothes dirty. No worries.
I can wash them for you.
Wanna stay at my place tonight?
No, it's fine. I can wash them myself.
Besides,
I've still got stuff to do tonight.
After I drop her off later,
I'll come find you.
(An Miu)
What's up?
Are you upset?
No.
We haven't played King's Game in ages.
They just saw you're new here,
and wanted to tease you.
Don't take it to heart.
I'm not upset.
Good.
Were Yu and Luanluan ever targeted too?
Of course they were.
Gong always
comes up with terrible ideas.
But somehow, whenever
he brings his girlfriend over,
he never mentions this game.
Let me tell you,
Sen's totally obsessed with it.
He's always arranging to play.
We tease him that it's 'cause
he's been single too long.
Back when you played this game,
did you ever kiss anyone?
I can promise you this,
not even once.
Guess I was just lucky.
So when Gong suddenly went for it today,
I was totally caught off guard.
That moment's gonna stick with me forever.
You said it.
If Gong had really kissed me,
what would you have done?
He wouldn't dare,
because he knows
I'd seriously lose it on him.
Guess he really does know you well.
(Maybe I still don't know you well enough.)
Here are your milk teas.
Thanks, gorgeous.
You're welcome.
Here you go.
Thanks.
Let's get wasted.
I've been thinking.
Mm.
It feels weird between Li Xiaoxi
and that guy in the suit.
When you weren't there,
he was going on about amnesia and breakups.
They must know each other.
But when the police showed up,
that guy instantly changed his story.
Said he was drunk and made a mistake.
Li Xiaoxi's reaction was off too.
She agreed to sign that mediation paper
right away.
What problem could there be?
He was just drunk and acting weirdly.
So what with mediation?
We lost nothing.
Better to let it go, right?
I've always felt Li Xiaoxi's mysterious.
Could it be she's scammed us all?
How much money you got for her to scam you?
But she could go after Bei.
Bei's even sharper. How could she scam him?
What's your relationship with Li Xiaoxi?
Well, how to put it...
Future daughter-in-law?
Be serious.
Just friends. Same as with you.
Oh really?
Yeah.
You don't look at me all lovestruck
and shifty-eyed.
Plus, you talk plenty with me.
You crack dirty jokes
like I'm not even a girl.
But when it comes to Li Xiaoxi,
you act like some lovesick teenager.
Every sign points to someone
with a secret crush.
Am I just overthinking this?
Yeah, you're definitely overthinking it.
Wait, I'm curious, do you actors
always have so much drama going on inside?
One look and you could fill ten episodes.
Okay, fine.
Yeah, that's right.
Overthinking only leads to anxiety.
Can we ask to be blurred out?
Whoa.
Oh my, seriously?
Okay, watch me. Here we go.
Tell me.
How long have you been together?
(Bei)
Hello?
Xiaoxi, what's wrong?
Nothing.
I think my lipstick
might be left on your car seat.
Can you check it for me?
Lipstick?
Yeah, found it.
It's right on the seat.
Alright.
I'll bring it to you tomorrow.
Okay.
Get some rest.
Good night.
Okay, bye.
Changing for each other?
That's just the process of turning
someone you like into someone you don't.
Liking is the thrill of first sight.
Love is the joy that never fades.
Wanting to be with them could be liking.
Finding ways to be with them?
That's love.
This kind of love
breeds desire.
Desire to possess, to control.
And the two may grow narrow-minded,
suspicious, harsh,
and unreasonable.
Jiang Yifan.
There's something that might piss you off,
but I'm gonna say it anyway.
I miss you a lot.
What are you talking about?
I love you so much.
So much that I don't even wanna be with you.
Thanks for letting me go.
After you left that night,
I realized something.
We can be anything to each other.
Just not lovers.
Why?
Don't get me wrong.
I'm just curious.
Let me tell you a story.
Once there was a boy.
He was drawn to a girl's portrait at a show.
She was breathtaking.
The boy bought it without a second thought.
But when he got home, he realized
he hadn't bought a painting at all,
but thousands of puzzle pieces in a box.
The boy missed the girl so much,
so he started piecing it together.
But the more he pieced, the stranger it felt.
The girl's eyes no longer looked pure,
but carried a sharp, angry glare.
Her lips lost their charm,
filled instead with hidden greed and desire.
With every piece he placed,
his fear and unfamiliarity toward her
only deepened.
Are you worried Jiang Yifan
might turn into someone you hate?
I'm scared you'll stop
being you because of me.
I gave up on the puzzle,
on building the ideal version of you,
because I understand
that watching quietly from afar
is the best way to honor
this masterpiece with kindness.
You've given me the best of Jiang Yifan.
That's enough.
As for Li Xiaoxi,
let's just say...
I don't care about other women.
All I know is,
you outshine her by miles.
Gong!
Can we be friends?
What kind of friends?
Like my friend's girlfriend,
or just my friend?
Your friend.
♪Waiting for the right time♪
I'm stubborn and a bit proud,
never making the first move.
So if you don't reach out to me,
I won't bother you from now on.
Got it?
Oh, right, Jiang Yifan.
Smooth sailing for you.
♪I♪
(You too, Gong.)
♪I don't really wanna look
over my shoulder♪
Jiang Yifan.
I should thank you.
Those two dates we had
add up to less than a day.
But you've cried, laughed,
and got messy
in front of me.
The best part is,
I've seen the way you loved me.
Turns out Li Xiaoxi was Jiang Yifan.
I was going to
keep this secret
and take it to my grave.
Never saw that coming.
You just can't be too careful.
Don't worry.
If Bei sees it, just say I was there too.
Appreciate it.
But it doesn't matter.
I didn't do anything.
Haven't you noticed
Li Xiaoxi actually likes you?
Whoa, hey!
Watch what you say.
What makes you think so?
I was kidding.
You actually believed?
Gong, this is the first time I've seen you
so determined to a girl.
Too bad she's your buddy's girl.
I don't care whose girl she is.
She's just herself. Someone I like.
Then if one day
they're not together anymore,
would you…
I'm not you.
Never really thought about it.
Some connections
are better kept light.
Get too greedy,
and it will be gone.
You're scared of losing a friend, huh?
But here's the weird part.
Why is it that when a friend
starts dating your ex,
it always feels forbidden?
Two people who know each other fall in love.
Shouldn't that be celebrated?
Why hold onto resentment?
Maybe they just feel
betrayed by both their friend and partner.
I wouldn't call it betrayal.
It's not like cheating in secret.
You two didn't match.
Maybe we'd be great together.
Mm-hmm.
Why's it that others get to
admire the flower you've picked,
but I can't even take a sniff?
If my ex got
together with my best friend,
I'd give them my full blessing.
That's just your wishful thinking.
Your bestie would probably avoid you.
You're not Bei.
And I'm not your bestie.
People like you
are actually pretty rare.
♪I'll admit♪
♪My back is faced against the wall♪
♪There's nothing that
I wouldn't try to do♪
♪For this feeling to have you♪
♪I'll resist♪
♪Your gaze, your lips♪
♪Your touches again♪
♪There's no one that
I wouldn't try to fool♪
♪For an image of you♪
♪Take my hand again♪
♪Take my mind again♪
♪Break into my heart again♪
♪I'm falling out again♪
♪I'm on my knees again♪
♪To beg for the truth♪
♪Tell me the secret of love♪
♪Is that the secret to love♪
♪I thought it had came from
below us♪
♪Did it come from above♪
♪Tell me the secret of love♪
♪Is that the secret to love♪
♪Is it violent or warming, entrancing♪
♪This secret of love♪